Boards update: roles (#5929)
mattermost/docs: source/boards/navigate-boards.rst

 
  A channel can be linked to multiple boards, but each individual board can only be linked to one channel at a time. Linking the same board to another channel will automatically remove the link from the previous channel.

> Open the boards App Bar icon, and select **Create a Board** to create a new board linked to the current channel. Once a board is linked to a channel, it's listed in the right-hand side of the Boards Apps Bar. Linking a board to a channel automatically grants all channel members (except for guest accounts) access to the board. Select a linked board to navigate directly to the board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the boards App Bar icon, and select **Create a Board** to create a new board linked to the current channel. Once a board is linked to a channel, it's listed in the right-hand side of the Boards Apps Bar. Linking a board to a channel automatically grants all channel members access to the board, with the exception of guest accounts. Select a linked board to navigate directly to the board.
```
